README.md, before:

Simple Cache [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tlovett1/simple-cache.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tlovett1/simple-cache)
===============

Simple Cache was constructed after getting frustrated with the major caching plugins available and building sites with developer-only complex caching solutions that get millions of page views per day. Simple Cache promises the following:

* Extremely simple one-click install. There is an on-off switch. That's it. No need to wade through 50 complicated settings.
* Simple Cache makes your site run very fast so you can handle lots of traffic.
* Extremely easy to delete. Don't like the plugin? You can remove it, and your website won't break.
* Easily clear the cache if you need to.
* Want to get advanced with object caching (Memached or Redis)? An advanced mode is available that will automatically setup [Batcache](https://wordpress.org/plugins/batcache/) and [Memcached](https://wordpress.org/plugins/memcached/)/[Redis](https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-redis/) for you.

If you need your site to run fast, don't have time to mess with complicated settings, and have been frustrated by other caching plugins, give Simple Cache a try.

## Issues
If you identify any errors or have an idea for improving the plugin, please
[open an issue](https://github.com/tlovett1/simple-cache/issues?state=open).

## License

Simple Cache is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the [GNU General
Public License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html) as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

Commit message:

Update readme with info about the fork

README.md, after:

# Simple Cache [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tlovett1/simple-cache.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tlovett1/simple-cache)

> **NOTICE: This is a fork of `simple-cache` that adds support for caching the static files of Frontity.**

Simple Cache was constructed after getting frustrated with the major caching plugins available and building sites with developer-only complex caching solutions that get millions of page views per day. Simple Cache promises the following:

- Extremely simple one-click install. There is an on-off switch. That's it. No need to wade through 50 complicated settings.
- Simple Cache makes your site run very fast so you can handle lots of traffic.
- Extremely easy to delete. Don't like the plugin? You can remove it, and your website won't break.
- Easily clear the cache if you need to.
- Want to get advanced with object caching (Memached or Redis)? An advanced mode is available that will automatically setup [Batcache](https://wordpress.org/plugins/batcache/) and [Memcached](https://wordpress.org/plugins/memcached/)/[Redis](https://wordpress.org/plugins/wp-redis/) for you.

If you need your site to run fast, don't have time to mess with complicated settings, and have been frustrated by other caching plugins, give Simple Cache a try.

## Issues

If you identify any errors or have an idea for improving the plugin, please
[open an issue](https://github.com/tlovett1/simple-cache/issues?state=open).

## License

Simple Cache is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the [GNU General
Public License](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html) as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.
